Remove 'base' import from files in `core` and `overrides` layers (#2455)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This change was introduced in [pull request #2432: Remove default font styles from cookie banner Sass](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2432).

> #### Import 'base' before importing Sass files from 'core' or 'overrides'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Import 'base' before importing Sass files from 'core' or 'override' layers
```

> If you import individual files from the `core` or `overrides` layers, you might see the error "Undefined mixin 'govuk-exports'" or "no mixin named govuk-exports" when compiling your Sass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you import individual files from the `core` or `overrides` layers, you might see the error 'Undefined mixin 'govuk-exports'' or 'no mixin named govuk-exports' when compiling your Sass.
```
Reason: style guide advises single quotes.

Do users compile their Sass after they've imported individual files?

Reviewer 2: @EoinShaughnessy I imagine Ollie did this because the double single quotes next to each other look a bit strange 🤔 Do you think we could wrap the error messages in back ticks, so they display like code? I think we'd normally do that for terminal commands/output?

Reviewer: @vanitabarrett Great shout! Yeah, you're right, feels like terminal output should display like code.

> If you import individual files from the `core` or `overrides` layers, you might see the error `Undefined mixin 'govuk-exports'` or `no mixin named govuk-exports` when compiling your Sass.

Reviewer: @vanitabarrett Doubt this is anything we need fix, but just wondering - why are there quotes around govuk-exports in the first mention, but none around the second? Is this just how it displays in the terminal?

Reviewer 2: @EoinShaughnessy That's how the error displays in the terminal: `Error: no mixin named govuk-exports`

Reviewer: @vanitabarrett Ah cool, cheers for clarifying!

To fix the error, import `node_modules/govuk-frontend/govuk/base` first. For example:

```scss
@import "node_modules/govuk-frontend/govuk/base";
@import "node_modules/govuk-frontend/core/typography";
```

> This change was introduced in [pull request #2455: Remove 'base' import from files in core and overrides layers](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2455).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change was introduced in [pull request #2455: Remove 'base' import from files in `core` and `overrides` layers](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2455).
```
I've also updated the PR title to include backticks around 'core' and 'overrides'.
